Express.js (Backend) Endpoints:
    
    
    // Chat-like Translation
app.post('/api/chat', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Standard Translation
app.post('/api/translate', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Background Translation
app.post('/api/background-translate', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

app.get('/api/get-background-translation', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Language Detection
app.post('/api/detect-language', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Supported Languages
app.get('/api/supported-languages', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Health Check
app.get('/api/health', async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// File Translation
app.post('/api/translate-file', upload.single('file'), async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Voice Translation
app.post('/api/translate-voice', upload.single('file'), async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});

// Video Translation
app.post('/api/translate-video', upload.single('file'), async (req, res) => {
  // Implementation here
});




React.js (Frontend) Endpoints:
    
    
import axios from 'axios';

const API_URL = 'http://your-api-url.com';

// Chat-like Translation
export const chatTranslation = async (text, targetLang) => {
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/chat`, { text, target_lang: targetLang });
  return response.data;
};

// Standard Translation
export const standardTranslation = async (text, targetLang) => {
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate`, { text, targetLanguage: targetLang });
  return response.data;
};

// Background Translation
export const startBackgroundTranslation = async (text, targetLang, sessionId) => {
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/background-translate`, { text, targetLanguage: targetLang, sessionId });
  return response.data;
};

export const getBackgroundTranslation = async (sessionId) => {
  const response = await axios.get(`${API_URL}/api/get-background-translation?sessionId=${sessionId}`);
  return response.data;
};

// Language Detection
export const detectLanguage = async (text) => {
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/detect-language`, { text });
  return response.data;
};

// Supported Languages
export const getSupportedLanguages = async () => {
  const response = await axios.get(`${API_URL}/api/supported-languages`);
  return response.data;
};

// Health Check
export const checkHealth = async () => {
  const response = await axios.get(`${API_URL}/api/health`);
  return response.data;
};

// File Translation
export const translateFile = async (file, targetLang) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append('file', file);
  formData.append('target_lang', targetLang);
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate-file`, formData, {
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'multipart/form-data' }
  });
  return response.data;
};

// Voice Translation
export const translateVoice = async (file, targetLang) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append('file', file);
  formData.append('target_lang', targetLang);
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate-voice`, formData, {
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'multipart/form-data' },
    responseType: 'blob'
  });
  return response.data;
};

// Video Translation
export const translateVideo = async (file, targetLang) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append('file', file);
  formData.append('target_lang', targetLang);
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate-video`, formData, {
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'multipart/form-data' },
    responseType: 'blob'
  });
  return response.data;
};

// Language Detection
export const detectLanguage = async (text) => {
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/detect-language`, { text });
  return response.data;
};

// Supported Languages
export const getSupportedLanguages = async () => {
  const response = await axios.get(`${API_URL}/api/supported-languages`);
  return response.data;
};

// Health Check
export const checkHealth = async () => {
  const response = await axios.get(`${API_URL}/api/health`);
  return response.data;
};

// File Translation
export const translateFile = async (file, targetLang) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append('file', file);
  formData.append('target_lang', targetLang);
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate-file`, formData, {
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'multipart/form-data' }
  });
  return response.data;
};

// Voice Translation
export const translateVoice = async (file, targetLang) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append('file', file);
  formData.append('target_lang', targetLang);
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate-voice`, formData, {
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'multipart/form-data' },
    responseType: 'blob'
  });
  return response.data;
};

// Video Translation
export const translateVideo = async (file, targetLang) => {
  const formData = new FormData();
  formData.append('file', file);
  formData.append('target_lang', targetLang);
  const response = await axios.post(`${API_URL}/api/translate-video`, formData, {
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'multipart/form-data' },
    responseType: 'blob'
  });
  return response.data;
};
